c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll.config
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.pdb
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.pdb
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
